README.md, before:

# Today I learned

Total : 12 TILs

## All Entries

- [Assign value or object in separate thread to use in main thread](./entries/2020-07-31-assign-value-or-object-in-separate-thread-to-use-in-main-thread.md) - 2020-07-31
- [Generate QR Code from command line with npx qrcode](./entries/2020-07-30-generate-qr-code-from-command-line-with-npx-qrcode.md) - 2020-07-30
- [Highlight current line then copy to macOS clipboard](./entries/2020-07-29-highlight-current-line-then-copy-to-mac-os-clipboard.md) - 2020-07-29
- [DOM outerHTML](./entries/2020-07-27-dom-outer-html.md) - 2020-07-27
- [Javascript random integer without rounding](./entries/2020-07-25-javascript-random-integer-without-rounding.md) - 2020-07-25
- [Exclude dependencies from production bundles with Webpack](./entries/2020-07-23-exclude-dependencies-from-production-bundles-with-webpack.md) - 2020-07-23
- [Minitest create custom assertions](./entries/2020-07-22-minitest-create-custom-assertions.md) - 2020-07-22
- [Run npm scripts in parallel with single &](./entries/2020-07-21-run-npm-scripts-in-parallel-with-single-ampersand.md) - 2020-07-21
- [Ruby Struct with :keyword_init option](./entries/2020-07-21-ruby-struct-with-keyword-init-option.md) - 2020-07-21
- [Ruby Squiggly Heredoc](./entries/2020-07-21-ruby-squiggly-heredoc.md) - 2020-07-21
- [Minitest does not have described_class like rspec](./entries/2020-07-20-minitest-does-not-have-described-class-like-rspec.md) - 2020-07-20
- [FontAwesome icons in sequencediagram.org](./entries/2020-07-19-sequence-diagram-org-logo.md) - 2020-07-19

## CLI Usage

- `bundle install`
- `./til new` Create new entry
- `./til compile` Compile summary & rebuild README

Commit message:

Redirect to localhost with lvh.me

README.md, after:

# Today I learned

Total : 13 TILs

## All Entries

- [Redirect to localhost with lvh.me](./entries/2020-08-01-redirect-to-localhost-with-lvhme.md) - 2020-08-01
- [Assign value or object in separate thread to use in main thread](./entries/2020-07-31-assign-value-or-object-in-separate-thread-to-use-in-main-thread.md) - 2020-07-31
- [Generate QR Code from command line with npx qrcode](./entries/2020-07-30-generate-qr-code-from-command-line-with-npx-qrcode.md) - 2020-07-30
- [Highlight current line then copy to macOS clipboard](./entries/2020-07-29-highlight-current-line-then-copy-to-mac-os-clipboard.md) - 2020-07-29
- [DOM outerHTML](./entries/2020-07-27-dom-outer-html.md) - 2020-07-27
- [Javascript random integer without rounding](./entries/2020-07-25-javascript-random-integer-without-rounding.md) - 2020-07-25
- [Exclude dependencies from production bundles with Webpack](./entries/2020-07-23-exclude-dependencies-from-production-bundles-with-webpack.md) - 2020-07-23
- [Minitest create custom assertions](./entries/2020-07-22-minitest-create-custom-assertions.md) - 2020-07-22
- [Run npm scripts in parallel with single &](./entries/2020-07-21-run-npm-scripts-in-parallel-with-single-ampersand.md) - 2020-07-21
- [Ruby Struct with :keyword_init option](./entries/2020-07-21-ruby-struct-with-keyword-init-option.md) - 2020-07-21
- [Ruby Squiggly Heredoc](./entries/2020-07-21-ruby-squiggly-heredoc.md) - 2020-07-21
- [Minitest does not have described_class like rspec](./entries/2020-07-20-minitest-does-not-have-described-class-like-rspec.md) - 2020-07-20
- [FontAwesome icons in sequencediagram.org](./entries/2020-07-19-sequence-diagram-org-logo.md) - 2020-07-19


## CLI Usage

- `bundle install`
- `./til new` Create new entry
- `./til compile` Compile summary & rebuild README
